All right, let's build our robo friends app, I think, to get started.
We want to think about component's again and what kind of components we want to build.
Looking at this website, the smallest component that we probably want to start working on is perhaps
the cart component, this cart over here.
If we can build one of these, then according to what I've said before, we can just copy all these
components and add them to the page.
So let's start off with this.
The card component.
Now, we won't be using the helo component anymore, and if you remember it look like this, let's just
I know it's sad, but we're going to delete it.
We're going to delete the helo access, start off clean.
So I'm going to delete, OK?
And we'll also delete hello, access.
I know all our hard work just completely gone.
You know what, we're going to start, Deline, things that we don't need and this project, for example,
the app dogs that we had initially, well, we can delete that.
You can also delete Abdon Access.
All right, so everything's looking very small now.
We have just index success index suggests and this register service worker that comes with cracked up
that we don't need to touch.
OK, obviously we have failed to compile because, well, the Hello Imparts doesn't really work.
We don't have anything.
So let's start off with this, let's start off by creating a card component.
And this car component will have to import it from Card James.
Again, if I say this, still get in there because it doesn't exist, so let's create it, I'm going
to say new file card J.S..
Again, making sure that this is.
Using baseball and let's do what we've done before we do import.
React from.
Instead of doing the class way for now, we're just going to worry about building the function, so
I'm going to say const.
Card equals it won't have any properties for now.
And this will return.
Hassan Brackett's.
And within here, we'll say that it has a divx.
Within this d'Hiv, we'll have an image and this image will have some sort of a source that we don't
know what it is yet, so we'll just keep it the way it is.
Closing tag and we'll have another div.
That within here, if you remember, we have.
Our name and email in here, so we'll just do an H H2.
Well, just right, hard coded values here.
Well, Jane Doe.
And finally, a pit tag that has some email address, let's Jane Doe at Gmail dot com.
Clothes, a tag.
All right, so we just have a simple component that's returning card and remember, we want to export
this, so we want to say export default card.
Save I get I'm Gelman's must have an adult property again, it's giving me a nice hint.
So let's just add a alt prop..
We just say what this photo is.
So I'll just say photo for now or I'll say robots for now.
Compiled successfully, if we look back at our app.
We have robots, Jane Doe and Jane Doe, perfect.
All right, we have the card component, and you must be asking yourself, why are we using react here
if we're not really using it?
Let's see what happens if I remove it.
I get a whole bunch of errors that says Riak must be in scope when using Jagex, remember, Jair, sex
is this.
We're not writing a Schimel, we're writing about sex and we need to import react so that.
Our program understands this ASML like Syntex.
OK, now we need an image and for this exercise I have something called robo hash for you.
It's a really, really cool API.
And for those that don't know what APIs are.
Don't worry, I have a session coming up with all that information.
Well, you'll get to learn about it.
But the cool thing about robo hashes, I can just say anything in here and it will return are a random
robot for me.
All we need is just this you, Earl.
And I can just say for now, test.
If I save this and go back to my example.
There you go.
We have our random robot, if I change this to say test test, I save.
Well, now I get.
Another robot, how cool is that?
All right, I want to make sure that the size is somewhat small so you can do a question mark here and
just give it width and height.
So I'm just going to do two hundred by two hundred.
And again, this is just something that you do with this.
You URL that they give you and the information here will make you go through it.
Everything should look nice.
Now, let's say I wanted to add a title and I'll do something like Divx or H1.
You see, I get an error here, it's because, remember, we need to return one thing and we can have
multiple.
Elements being returned, right, if we want to return something, make sure it's one thing or another,
but for now, we'll worry about the title later.
We want to make sure that we're only returning one element.
So in this case, the development that has a ton of things inside, which is the car component.
All right, let's save.
All right, we have our card component.
It looks nice, but what if I wanted to have multiple cars now according to what we know, because we
have the card component, if I go to index, James, I can just say.
And to put this on a new line so you can see, I can just.
Wrap this in a div.
Again, because we want to return just a single element, and I can say.
And close the div tag.
Save and look at that, we have multiple cars now, they're each their own component.
OK, but let's have some styling to this just to make it look nicer again, because we have tachyons,
we can use some really nice Syntex.
If we go to the car's component within the div, I can say class name again.
Remember, we can use class BGI light green.
So that is background like green.
And this is just tachyon classes that are already predefined for us.
Again, CSFs section.
This isn't that.
So we're not going to focus too much on CSFs.
I'll just give you the styling that you need.
We have the d'Hiv, the border.
We have padding of three lots and margins too as well.
And then we'll do Growe, which is the animation.
So if I save this.
That's that's pretty nice.
You know what, let's add a few more will do B.W. two and Shadow five to add a bit of.
Shadows to them.
There you go.
They look more 3-D now.
That looks very nice.
There you go, we have our cards again, we don't want this static card where it says Jane Doe, Jane
Doe, Jane Doe, we want it to be dynamic, right?
So it sounds like we need what we call props properties.
Well, and actually, I have for you a robot's object that I've created, so I'm just going to add a
new file here that says robots.
And within here, I'm just going to copy and paste this.
As you can see, it is just a constant object.
Its robots, it's an array of objects and it has ID, name, user name, email.
And these are just random that I've made.
If you want this file, then you can grab the files from the end of this section, but for now, this
way, I have something that I can use and you can see I'm exporting it.
I can say.
Robots from DOT because we're in the same directory, robots.
Now, if I save this, I got robots as defined by never used, but because this is using export instead
of export default, this file could have multiple exports.
It just so happens that I only have one.
The rule is for these ones because they're a default.
Well, you can just do card for ones that aren't default.
You have to restructure it.
That is like this, so that if I have another variable, let's say that says Katz, then I will have
to do that to grab it.
So we have robots.
And now I can't give it some properties I can say ID equals, and again, we have these brackets so
that it's a JavaScript expression and we'll say robots.
But robots.
ID has the ID.
Then we have name equals robots.
Again, the first user, that name.
Close to bracket, and then we also have email equals.
Robots first in the area got email.
Holy moly, that's a lot of typing.
And I'm going to make this smaller, just so you can see, I'm going to copy and paste for the other
ones as well, except for change this to the second user and then the third.
Use up the second.
Now, if I say this, it's compiled successfully, but, well, nothing has changed because we need
to go to cards.
I'm going to close robust, such as for now.
And this because Cartes needs to now accept parameters.
And what are the parameters?
Well, its properties and these props are now.
Dot name.
Go back.
It's not working well because this is a JavaScript expression, right?
So I need to wrap it in curly brackets.
Just the way it works in sex save.
Look at that, we have dynamic names that we're passing as properties to each one.
Let's head tech center here.
And there you go.
Now we have everything center that's a lot better.
OK, but we also passed ID, we can use ID to do something cool, if you remember in the ESX section
we have template strings and because this is a template string, we have to wrap it in a curly bracket.
So it's a JavaScript expression.
And now within the robo hash, instead of using test here, we can randomize what robots we get by using
the syntax, as you remember.
And in here we can just say prop stot ID.
So now this will say Wrobel hash tag ID of whatever it is for the robot.
With the size, so we make sure that, again, the IDs are always dynamic and changing if I say this.
Look at that, you see that there's a bit of a delay, again, because we're talking to the API and
the API is returning answer for us, but how cool is that?
We just created our own dynamic, Cartes.
One last thing, although this works, something nicer that you can do is we have something called the
structure.
We can do something like const.
Name.
Email equals props.
Again, as you may remember from Essex, and now I can use.
And that's a good idea as well.
Another cool thing that you can do, and this is even cleaner, is within the parameters you can do
the structuring.
Again, you can add these over here now.
And now if I save.
It should still work and it does.
This might be confusing if you're new to the structuring, but as you saw, step by step, we're just
receiving props and we're structuring the props right inside of the brackets here.
This is much cleaner.
All right, that was a lot of fun in a really, really fast way.
We've just created our own cards in the next section.
We're going to expand on this and make this even better.
I'll see on that one.
Bye.